# FIFA-2026
Nowadays, everyone is obsessed with football because it is one of the most played sports in the globe. At least once in their lives, a football enthusiast must have wished to know the outcome before the game. Different data are now used to forecast the outcome of football matches.Sports predictions are undoubtedly a very hot subject that have always piqued sports enthusiasts' interests. Additionally, in nations where sports betting is permitted, sports prediction is just as important as stock price forecasting. Despite the widespread interest in sports predictions, it was challenging to locate credible written research on the topic. This might be because "Sports Prediction" is a little bit outside the realm of academic curiosity. A few articles from the Economics journal were discovered. The multi-layer perceptron has been applied for sports prediction in one article (McCabe, 2008), which details how challenging it is to anticipate sporting events. (Spann, 2009) compared and analyzed the accuracy of three additional forecast techniques. Their findings demonstrate that market predictions and betting chances offer significantly more accurate projections than tipsters. (Luckner, 2008) looked at a sports prediction market for the 2006 FIFA World Cup and compared the historical prediction accuracy to a random draw. The study demonstrates that historical prediction is superior to random prediction. Previously, students attempted to use machine learning to forecast the outcome of their preferred sporting event. There have been many various prediction systems employed, but they all shared the same goal: to forecast match outcomes based on prior match outcomes. We found no attempts at strategy analysis or unsupervised learning. This is primarily because of the features that they can have, which are limited due to their feature sets (previous game experience). And a few features can hide a lot of game-related factors. They were able to utilize a tiny portion of machine learning as a result.Nowadays, everyone is obsessed with football because it is one of the most played sports in the globe. At least once in their lives, a football enthusiast must have wished to know the outcome before the game. Different data are now used to forecast the outcome of football matches.Sports predictions are undoubtedly a very hot subject that have always piqued sports enthusiasts' interests. Additionally, in nations where sports betting is permitted, sports prediction is just as important as stock price forecasting. Despite the widespread interest in sports predictions, it was challenging to locate credible written research on the topic. This might be because "Sports Prediction" is a little bit outside the realm of academic curiosity. A few articles from the Economics journal were discovered. The multi-layer perceptron has been applied for sports prediction in one article (McCabe, 2008), which details how challenging it is to anticipate sporting events. (Spann, 2009) compared and analyzed the accuracy of three additional forecast techniques. Their findings demonstrate that market predictions and betting chances offer significantly more accurate projections than tipsters. (Luckner, 2008) looked at a sports prediction market for the 2006 FIFA World Cup and compared the historical prediction accuracy to a random draw. The study demonstrates that historical prediction is superior to random prediction. Previously, students attempted to use machine learning to forecast the outcome of their preferred sporting event. There have been many various prediction systems employed, but they all shared the same goal: to forecast match outcomes based on prior match outcomes. We found no attempts at strategy analysis or unsupervised learning. This is primarily because of the features that they can have, which are limited due to their feature sets (previous game experience). And a few features can hide a lot of game-related factors. They were able to utilize a tiny portion of machine learning as a result.
